[incomprehensible music]
Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
to you from the QI offices in Covered Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting
here with Aniches Isinski and Miller and James Arkin and once again we have gathered around
the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in a particular order
here we go starting with you and my fact is that Genoa Airport has relaxed its liquid band
but only for Pesto. I wouldn't even say Pesto was a liquid. It's more like a soup isn't it? Well
well soup isn't that liquid. You're not allowed to take soups to guys. I mean there is one group
of people that you don't want to haggle with is probably airport security so they say don't
bring it out wouldn't. I went through airport security this time and I went to the passport guy
and the guy said have you got a problem and I think he was trying to be nice but he had a glass
wheat and accidentally sounded like he was trying to find me outside for a fight. Do you guys
problem it? Did he then say politely do you want to take this outside? Then he politely smacked
me in the face. But the Pesto campaign so basically this airport was confiscating about 500
jars of Pesto every few months and decided it was gone too far and so this is sort of it's a charity
thing really. It's a campaign called Pesto is good. You're allowed one 500 mil jar of Pesto
and you buy a 50 euro stamp which will let you take it on board and they scan it through the same
machine that medicine and breast milk goes through. And so is this a tourism thing? Were they
feeling a financial knock? Well I think partly because they are known for Pesto in that area
so it gets nice to bring but also I think it's slightly and it gets a charity thing so the money
goes through a company called the Flying Angels Foundation which brings in kids from developing
world who need to have some operations. But similar thing happened in City Airport. They were
using an awful lot of Mormite so this summer they did a Mormite Amnesty where you could trade in
your big jar for a small pot. Mormite is an interesting liquidity one. Is it a liquid? Well it is
unless you bash it really hard and then it turns into a solid because it's non-utonial. That's not
true is it? So all we need to do is invent this non-utonial liquid to be applied to things like
bottles of water and you can give it a smack before you get to immigration. It goes in as a solid
block. Bring in a block of ice. Why don't you just bring in a massive block of ice in a bottle?
So you can do that. If you freeze your water and you bring in a bottle of ice then they will let you
bring it through. I think actually somewhere and somewhere. Maybe. It's actually an interesting thing
with airports confiscating things. A lot of airports don't have the same rules so in some airports
lipsticks count as liquid and something counts as solid. It's so weird what you can and can't bring
onto planes. I was reading this year that the TSA in America confirmed via their Instagram that you're
allowed to bring live lobsters on as part of your carry-on luggage. Well they're not liquid.
That's true so. Humans are quite liquid by that logic so why should we be in order? We're 70% water.
Oh yeah. So why are we in order? Because someone gets us a slap before we go through the immigration.
But the other thing is your live lobster presumably likes living in water so how do you keep it alive
without bringing the water in here? Yeah you get them 20 tiny waters and then you put it in Pesto.
Yeah. The photo in question on the Instagram that they uploaded was of a 20 pound lobster.
It's ginormous and it was allowed on because lobsters are allowed on. They're just put in the overhead
carry storage. Do you know that the TSA, their Instagram is crazy popular. It's got 780,000 followers
and at Rolling Stone named it the fourth best Instagram accounts in the world beating NASA.
NASA's beyond say on the TSA. The TSA is the top. So it's Kim Kardashian, that geo
somebody I've forgotten then TSA then beyond say then NASA. Got poor poor somebody who you've
forgotten they've worked so hard. They've made it the top three. It really doesn't be. What a slam.
Really sorry number three. But so their account is amazing so they confiscate nine guns a day
in American airports most of them are loaded and on this Instagram they basically the Instagram is
pictures of stuff that's been confiscated and their dogs does very well in the internet. But things
they've taken include live eels, a live grenade, a knife hidden inside an enchilada, a medieval mace,
a dagger hidden inside a replica of the Eiffel Tower and a chihuahua that's leaked into its owners
back when they weren't looking. You know when they started banning liquids on planes they weren't
short to do about breast milk at first and they quite quickly decided that breast milk should be the
one exception which it is but it used to be the case that women were sometimes asked to prove that
it was their own breast milk by drinking it. But a lot of them said it was disgusting so one
woman said it was embarrassing and disgusting having to drink my own breast milk. I wonder if it
goes back in and just refills. I don't know how that works. Not directly. In terms of the body. I
think it spoils it. I think there's an article a while ago with someone who got me made to do that.
I was like but if I do that it won't all keep. I think she'd be on my business trip or something
and they made her taste it all. But then it spoils and you can't keep it. So what's the whole point?
So when they first started banning things they originally banned pens for the first couple of
weeks on the grounds that the ink they contained was a fluid. Yeah. Makes sense. How come they were
like that back on? I think if your pen has more than 100 milliliters of ink in it then you've
probably got the wrong pen manufacturing. It can be well as novelty life, large pens that you're
bringing in. Oh I just I'm signing a massive check. I need to sign on this pen. And then they also
stop people from bringing phones on for a while and so many people were upset about that that people
were switching their Paris or Brussels flights from London at a rate of 10 a minute. Oh yeah they lost
loads of money British Airways didn't they? They lost like a million dollars in a really short amount
of time. Oh 50. But yeah because people are so desperate to have their phones for just a one-hour
plane journey. It's not a long trip from London to Paris. No. And you can't use your phone in the air.
No but maybe if you had a blackberry you could kind of draft some emails. Yeah. All play on snake.
Yeah, play snake. Snake was huge back then. Snakes on a plane. I was reading about things that have
been left at airports this year. So the first is a headstone that was found that had the inscription
you will always be remembered never forgotten. That was left at an airport. That was a
double ad airport that they accidentally left. We never forget a headstone. There's also a toilet seat,
a sister and human ash, false teeth and glass eyes. So that's all from the last few years. Did you
say a toilet seat and a sister? Yeah. That sounds like someone on a gap here who's heard the facilities
in Indonesia are really bad and they've brought, I'll just bring my own toilet. It's fine. Yeah.
Carrying around with them. Well speaking of toilets and airport. Again just news from this year
involving airports and toilets. There's a airport in Tokyo that for a few months of this year provided
toilet paper for anyone on the toilets for not only themselves but then a separate toilet system
that provided paper for their smartphones. So you'd wipe your bum and then you--
With your smartphone. No, no, no. Then you wipe your smartphone with a toilet. No, so you would have
one toilet roll for your bum and then another toilet roll for your smartphone. A smaller mini roll
because they were worried that so many people use their phone now on the toilets that they're
getting all sorts of dirty bacteria on them and then that goes on to their head when they hold it
on. So this is just a little bit of toilet roll to just wipe your smartphone down once you're done
on the toilet. It looks like you can't fold up to a paper and make it smaller. Okay, it is time for fact
number two and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that it has been scientifically proven
that the Beatles were an average band who didn't really influence music.
Outrageous. Proven by whom? Yeah, it's just outrageous. Well, I'm mostly saying this just to wind
down up. But this is a real study. It was done by a biologist called Amanda LaRoy and he's from the
Imperial College London and what he is, he's an evolutionary biologist and he plotted the 50 years
of hit singles from the US Billboard chart into a computer program that models evolution and found
out which song was influenced by which song. He found out that the Beatles are just kind of an
average band who didn't really influence that many people. Oh, yeah. And really, around that time it
was more the who and the Rolling Stones that did the influencing and overall it's more hip-hop music.
So is this sort of changes in musical style? Like kind of that. Just changes in the direction
of where music was going. Yeah, kind of. So what they did was they got 30-second snippets of
music and they put it into the computer program and the computer program could tell a difference
between different musical properties like instruments used or chord patterns or whatever and they
looked to where they might have got that idea from in an evolutionary way. Okay. But I think it's an
interesting point, isn't it? Nope. Because if you like, you're more likely to find bands that say
Beatles are an influence of them then you are not, I would say. So I think what we're saying is all
those bands are wrong. I know. Who knew? I think this guy did acknowledge that the Beatles were still
part of that revolution in American music. It was just like the Rolling Stones and the who seemed to
create more of a change and he also didn't acknowledge the very obvious truth that because the Beatles
were heard so widely by so many people even if A change was coming in music that they influenced
them they were then the ones who influenced so many more people because they were just so popular.
Bob Dylan, I can't remember the exact quote but Bob Dylan said that the Beatles changed America
completely. They knocked America into basically a revolution of culture. And Bob Dylan and the Beatles
had a bit of an awkward relationship though, didn't they? Like John Lennon loved Bob Dylan and
you know was inspired by some Bob Dylan songs to write things like Norwegian Word and to go a bit
deeper. But Bob Dylan, I think people think, wasn't really influenced by the Beatles at all.
And yet now has written one of his best new songs on his new album is called Dear John or
Something. It's a really moving song about John Lennon. Is it? Yeah. So Armand LaRoy, who is the guy
behind this studio, one of the guys behind this study, he's also one of the guys behind a thing
called DarwinTunes.org. And this is a website from a few years ago where they would play you some
music and then you say whether you liked it or that you didn't like it and they keep doing that and
then eventually they hope to evolve the perfect bit of music that everyone liked. So again, it's
a kind of evolution through music. So I'm going to play you some of this and see what you think about
this. So this is a song that in theory all of us in this room should like. Well, I'll start off
doing something that was from 150 generations. So 150 times people have said I like this, I don't like
this and it kind of evolved into a certain kind of music. So this is this.
Well, it's not bad for something to play with a Nokia. Yeah. Yeah, you're not impressed. Well, no.
Okay, so what I'll do now is I'll play you something from 8,700 generations. So this has gone
through much more evolution. So this in theory should be much more nice to the ear so you think of this.
Exciting.
It's slightly better. I still feel like it's not quite a Beatles level.
I've found a few interesting connections between Beatles and Comedy. Okay. So this is an interesting
thing to me and perhaps comedy fans out there. There was a team called. I can't imagine any comedy fans
are listening to this. Yeah, that's true. So I'll do a bit of explaining. There used to be a group
called Beyond the Fringe, starred Dudley Moore, Peter Cook, Jonathan Miller, Alan Bennett. They
were the big awakening of comedy in the 1950s in Britain. Did a lot of satirical stuff, kind of the
birth of satire, some would say. And the applause that was used at their show for their recording was
taken by the producer of George Martin who did all of the Beatles stuff and he put it to the beginning
of Sergeant Pepper. So if you know the song Sergeant Peppers, when there's that, let me introduce you,
the act you know, there's lots of applause going on. That's from Beyond the Fringe in the 1950s. Yeah,
it's a comedy applause going on. So this year it's been the 50-year anniversary of Sergeant Pepper's
Lonely Hearts Club band. That's right. Do you know that Adolf Hitler is on the cover of that album?
So they have, if you know the iconic album, it's loads and loads of faces. They didn't have Jesus
on there and they didn't have Gandhi, but they do have Adolf Hitler. Okay. Do they? I don't
remember him being on there. Well, it's in disguise. He is a little bit. He's behind the Beatles.
He's completely obscured. Completely obscured. This is according to the guy who made it,
who's called Peter Blake. Yeah. And I don't know if he's joking or not, but he did say that when
you look at the photographs of the outtakes and that they were doing at the time, you can see that
Hitler was there. But actually when they did the final picture, he was hiding behind the Beatles
themselves. That does sound a bit familiar actually. Yeah. Oh god. They need to do, you know, when they do
sort of weird ultrasound scans on great works of Renaissance art and they find another Mona Lisa
underneath the Mona Lisa. They need to do that to the album cover. It could be also as a people
under that. Yeah. I was reading about how people at some times it said that John Lennon created
sort of flipping sound around when he threaded up his real player at the runway round.
Yeah. It was there before, but they popularised it. And I apparently. George learned his solo
backwards rhyme only sleeping, then they reversed it and they were recording. It's kind of cool if he
did. That's true. Very cool. He recited the words backwards. No, the solo on the guitar.
Oh really? Which if true is quite cool. Because he was sound editing now. Things like splicing,
cutting, moving around is really easy, but then it was all literally cutting off the film yourself
and moving it. Yeah. It's just kind of like that. So when they did a take, I was strawberry feels
forever. I John Lennon wanted part from one take and part from a different take. And so they
but they recorded at different tempos and different pitches. So they had to try and sort of merge
the two because otherwise it can't just switch halfway through from like different keys. Yeah.
The reverse technique thing is really interesting because they do that in comedy films as well,
particularly for slapstick movies, they do it for when the slapstick stunt is so outrageously harsh.
Yeah. They start it backwards. So say for example in guesthouse parody, so they slam in two sharp
forks into Adrian Edmondson's nostril. So you see the hand go huang and just hook his nose right
up and you couldn't do that. Even with rubber, it's such a tight precision thing. Oh, I see,
but you can pull them out. So Adrian Edmondson had to learn his lines backwards, say it to the screen,
and then they remove it. And then when you flip it the other way around, it goes in and then his
lines are forward. There was another music study I was reading about that was done quite recently,
which was a study that was done in Spain, which looked into how pop music has changed. And if just
to kind of satisfy I guess our parents generation, it found that it has got too loud and it all sounds
the same now. So a study found that a study found this. They analyzed 464,000 songs from 1950s to
2010 and they looked at like the diversity of note combinations and they looked at different core
progressions and when they changed keys and stuff like that. And they found that the melodies of
songs today are almost similar to each other and that they don't have as many changes within them
that the timbrel palette employed is less. So that's the different kind of instruments in the
olden days you'd have some trumpets and you'd have an organ suddenly and you'd have a triangle but
now it's just you know a lot of it's more electric. Are we necessarily saying that that is worse or
better? They certainly weren't because they are objective scientists. It's not for scientists you see.
But I am. So what you could say is that they really tried lots of different things over the years and
now we've found something that really works and it's Taylor Swift's new song. You could say that.
Recurrently breaking all records on YouTube guys. Is it only half of them are me?
Okay it is time for fact number three and that is Chuzinski. My fact this week is that when the first
pilgrims went over on the Mayflower one of them brought 139 pairs of shoes with him.
So this is the voyage of the Mayflower which was in 1620 when a bunch of pilgrims went over
and they landed in America and they set up the first permanent settlement in New England and
so obviously extremely famous and it's the pilgrim fathers and yeah they actually were not very
well prepared to go and take over a new totally unexplored really land. Well it sounds like the
prepared if they're going to do a lot of walking. I'm not even sure they were practical walking
shoes. I've got to say it was 126 pairs of shoes and 13 pairs of boots and to be fair he was a
shoemaker. It was a guy called William Muller. Maybe he thought he was going to sell them to the locals?
I don't know. I mean what else is he going to bring with him? Yeah he's not going to bring sausages
with him is he shoemaker? He's a shoemaker. Actually there was around 130 passengers in total on
board so a pair of shoes for each so maybe he was thinking business terms. But the rest of them didn't
go barefoot. They just all brought the sensible one pair, one spare pair. But yeah they weren't very
well prepared. They didn't bring kind of useful things like kind of fishing lines or a plow.
But yeah some other people brought a trumpet, someone brought a drum, someone brought a complete
history of turkey. So these were sort of almost gentlemen. These people so they wanted to take
stuff that they valued which wasn't necessarily the super useful stuff that a labourer would be able
to work with. Do you know there were two babies born on the Mayflower. One was born when they
doctor in America and one was born at sea and they named him Oceanus. That was so nice. I was actually
reading into Oceanus. I was pronouncing that Oceanus. Oceanus Hopkins was his name.
Had he kept his mother's maiden name he would have been called Oceanus Fischer which is quite nice
as Oceanus. So unfortunately Oceanus didn't live too long. He died probably six years into life.
They're not fully sure. But his father Stephen Hopkins has an interesting story because he was part
of the crew on the Mayflower but he was also on a boat that tried a settle in the New World 10 years
earlier in Jamestown in Virginia and on his way there the boat got wrecked off the coast of
Bermuda and he got stranded there with a bunch of other fellow passengers for several months
and the story of that rescue that brought them back was what William Shakespeare says he
based the tempest on. Oh no way. It's speculated. It's speculated. But they're questioning whether even one
of the characters as well was named after Stephen Hopkins. Oceanus is dead because there's Stefano
in the tempest and supposedly Stephen Hopkins was one of Shakespeare's neighbors supposedly lived
in the same area as Shakespeare. So quite a famous family by default in situation. Quite a lot of
adventures were one guy and he worked with John Smith as well of Pocahontas fame so that was Jamestown
well that was because he was a guy who went to Jamestown 10 years earlier whatever so yeah he was
working with John Smith to try and set up their colony there. He had like a mission to get
as many movies as possible before movies were a thing. Yeah good point. He's like you know those
actors that you get that are in basically every movie. Yeah like they've just got the one line or whatever.
He's a bit like John Goodman who's in every good movie like he was for ages whenever there was
a best picture he was in Argo and he was in the artist and he was in everything wasn't he but never
had a main part. Do you know James that is unbelievably weird that you've just said that because
a John Goodman was on board the Mayflower. No that's the same guy. Yeah he's much older than he is.
He's got really good moisture I think. Oh my god. There were also I was just looking at the name so
there were some other good names because they were pilgrims they were religious a lot of them so
they named their children strange things like there was someone called remember there was someone
called resolved and someone called humility and then they were actually remember they left him
in the departure lunch. There was William Brewster who was one of the most famous people who
went across and became an elder in the community. He brought his children who were called true love
and wrestling. Yeah wrestling I saw that it's so cool. Wrestling Brewster his name. Such a good name
that's something straight out of lockstalk or something. Can I just say done you are about to have
a baby scene. Yeah. Wrestling is a strong name. Wrestling is an incredibly good name. Wrestling
Shriver. Yeah that was good. Or Oceanus is also a very strong option. Constantly correcting the
pronunciation of his name. It's actually anus. So they were trying to escape religious tolerance or
intolerance depending on which way you look at it. They were basically trying to escape the
Anglicans with the Puritans but of the just over 100 people on the boat more than 60 of them were
Anglicans so they were trying to escape them but they were basically with them on the boat the
whole way and they called themselves the saints the Puritans and they called the Anglican strangers
but the crew on the Mayflower called the Puritans sound singing puke stockings.
In a flattering way? Do they have something different? I'm not sure how that can be
flattering puke stocking. I can only imagine that they had puke coloured stockings.
Yeah because the Mayflower left a bit later than the Mente because there is another ship called
Speedwell and they're both done part of the journey but then Speedwell got a leak and so its
passengers went on to Mayflower because they wasted time and meant the Mayflower had to go through
sort of chop your water and storm season. They've been trying to avoid so you probably would want
a puke stocking if you were on this. So do you think maybe they were just pukeying a lot?
That's why they called puke stockings. Probably into their stockings.
The stick bag of the 17th century. So it's the 400th anniversary of the trip in 2020 and I was reading
that in order to celebrate it. There's a company that is creating a virtual reality so you put on
the VR thing and it's going to place you on the boat and it replicates the whole journey so they're
going to make it sail from Plymouth to Plymouth. So you can do some virtual pukeying into your stockings.
Exactly. I wonder if that's an element that they're going to add to it in the carter. Yeah, exactly.
Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is my fact. My fact this week is that
a new scientific paper on why horses only have one toe has been published. The author of that paper
is called Brianna MacHorse. MacHorse. That's brilliant. It's not even a name. It's not a
name. It's a name. It is a name. It is a name that people have had before. Yes, in fact, if you go to
MacHorse.com, there's a man charting all the MacHorse's through history. They say that they're all
descended from John W. MacHorse who was born in 1819. No, really. And no one's quite sure why he got
called MacHorse because it doesn't seem like there were any MacHorse's before him. But according to
one idea, he was in America and he was hanging out with a guy called Sam Houston but he was called
MacHorse at the time. Sam Houston said MacHorse would be a better name for a Texan than MacHorse.
And so maybe the name came as a joke. Yes, and MacHorse/MacHorse went on to have 12 children.
So the name spread like wildfire even in its first generation of use. And if you go to MacHorse.com,
the guy who runs it, who is a MacHorse himself, no one else is going to be running MacHorse.com.
That's a Saturday job. He has a spreadsheet of the genealogy and family
tree of all the MacHorse's since that guy. And it's amazing how many MacHorse's you can get since
1819. There's a lot. It's quite cool to have a name where you can pinpoint when it came and then
to see like tracing it back because there's tons of Miller. It's like you know if you're a MacHorse,
the gods that you're related to that MacHorse prey high. Yeah. MacHorse does sound like it's a burger
you can get in French but Donalds doesn't it? It does. Yeah. It also sounds like if it means son of,
then it sounds like you'd call someone MacHorse as an insulting joke saying your mum obviously
shagged a horse, doesn't it? Because you're saying son of horse. I'm putting that forward as an
alternative theory for the origin of the name based on no evidence. Don't tell the guy that runs
like website if he got it. So the paper that MacHorse published, Brianna MacHorse, is mechanics of
evolutionary digit reduction in fossil horses. So the thing to know about her is she had
doesn't study horses for a living. She is an evolutionary biologist and she's just been looking
into why horses now have this one toe as opposed to five which is what their ancestors might have had.
Their ancestors might have had four on the front and three on the back I think. Okay. If you look at
tape ears that's what they have which is like similar to an old kind of horse and they reckon that
basically it helps them to run faster because if you've got long slim legs with just these one toes
it helps you to gallop and the reason they had to do that is because they stop living in the forest
because there were no forests when the ice age hit America. So there were no forests they had to
live in the open so they had to run away from predators and so they needed really speedy legs.
If horses had feet like we have feet so like literally a foot would that be better for them
or are they the ultimate? I think what we're saying is for what they evolved into which was this
large open pastures with no forest this was the best that they could come up with presumably that's
how evolution works. I think probably the more direct answer your question is no if the horse was
randomly born with four human feet on the end of its legs. It will be at a disadvantage. But
it had human feet it could wear a trainer as well having to go to a blacksmith so it'd be more
convenient. That's a really good point and they don't make those bouncing Nike horse shoes
today. Also horses did evolve in America so maybe when this guy came over on the Mayflower he
thought he could sell his shoes to all these people. Come on guys this is really gonna help you out.
But he said Brianna didn't it's not she didn't set out to study horses but she may have been drawn
towards them so there was a 2002 academic paper about nominative determinism which is brilliantly
called why Susie sells seashells by the sea shore implicit egotism and major life decisions
which found that people disproportionately do tend to pick careers that mirror their names so they
have a larger proportionally expected denisers and denisers in the dentistry industry.
Although not everyone believes it today there have been a few papers since that kind of
think that maybe they slightly cherry picked their data. That's true I read that paper by Albert
Skeptical. It's really hard to please. A great one this is not nominative determinism but I was
watching what I liked you last night the comedy panel show and David Hay the boxer was a guest
on it and he named his son Cassius after Cassius Clay Muhammad Ali but that means his son is
called Cassius Hay. It's fantastic. Okay well Brianna got a big laugh of the show with that.
That's the way you tell them. I just that reminded me of a fact which is in our new fact book which
comes out this year which is that on the USPGA most golfers play with a glove to keep their hands
from blistering but the one of the only players it doesn't use a glove is called Lucas Glover.
Do you know James just while we're talking sports? Do you know who the new reigning champion of most
bullseyes in a minute is for darts? Phil Taylor? No. If I name a load of dance players will I get it?
No you you're in the wrong industry. Oh is it Steve Bakley the javelin thrower? No. Robin Hood.
It's Lee Mack the comedian. Come off it. Yeah Lee Mack. He set the record this year and he beat it
by one for most bullseyes within a minute and I learnt this on a TV show called Would I Like To You?
Was it true or was it a lie? It was true. Out of interest just so we know how many of your facts
this week have come from Would I Like To You? And should we give them a credit? It's the whole thing's
just that. Is it more or less than 20? Less. That's a lie. Yes. Dammit points to James. Have you guys ever seen
you guys would have seen this clip it on the screen? Would I like to? Yeah loads times. Yeah it's great.
How good was that whole Cassius Haven? Have you guys ever seen the feat of a newborn horse? No. They are
incredible. So guys if you're listening at home you've got a Google image this right now.
What they look like is I was trying to work out a good metaphor for them actually how to how to
describe them. They look like kind of a cross between a squishy crab claw and anemone
with like a bit of cat's paw in it and they're really slimy and what it is is if the horse was born
with its hoof fully exposed it would damage the mother's birth canal as it came out. And so the hoof
is covered in this kind of grotesque slimy anenomy layer which stops it from being damaged and then
it falls off as soon as the horse is born. So the way that some animals would do it is they would come
out not quite fully formed so that it wouldn't do that. But horses are in danger as soon as they're
born because the mother spills her birth fluids everywhere and immediately that alerts predators to
the scent. So the foal needs to be ready to run as soon as it pops out. So it pops out and then
it sheds this slimy layer of goo on its feet and then it gallops away. Wow. But is the most
amazing thing if you see it you would never guess it belonged to a horse. Scary isn't it with animals
like that. It's almost like you're being born into the beginning moment of the Hunger Games.
Like the platform comes up and there's a siren and you just have to survive. Yeah you're right.
That's your opening moment into life. I've got something on a race horse. Okay. The greatest race
horse of all time. He was called a Clips and was born in the 1764 solar eclipse around that time
and that's why they got the name. And he had to retire from racing because he wasn't so often
no one would ever bet on any other horse. No way. Wow. And at the time I mean still but at the time
horse racing was all about the gambling. Wow. And so he was so good. They just wouldn't let him race
anymore. And he was extremely famous. Bits of his body after he died would kind of materialise like
holy relics. So there were nine authentic hooves of his turn into ink stands. Now if he did actually
have nine legs and that could explain why he kept winning these races. Okay that is it. That is all
of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about
the things that we've said over the course of this podcast we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
I'm on @Sriberland James @Xshaped and @miller_am Chazinski. You can email podcast@QI.com. Yep. And you can
also go to our group account which is @QIpodcast. You can also go to our website. No such thing
as a fish.com where we have all of our previous episodes. There's links to many things as well
or upcoming tour or upcoming book. You can also join us on a Monday for our Facebook lives. It's 5 p.m.
UK, British, whatever time, London time. Just find London. What is 5 p.m. and London on a Monday?
That's when we'll be there. And we'll be back again next week with another episode. We'll see you then
goodbye.